DOCS-4974 Synthetic Monitoring & Continuous Testing Metrics Edit (#17108)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/metrics.md

- link: "/synthetics/guide/using-synthetic-metrics/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about using Synthetic metrics in monitors"
- link: "/continuous_testing/settings"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about parallelization for Continuous Testing"
---

## Overview

The following metrics are generated by Synthetic Monitoring tests and Continuous Testing settings.

Metrics starting with:

* `synthetics.test_runs` come from all your Synthetic tests
* `datadog.estimated_usage.synthetics.*` return relevant usage data from your Synthetic tests

> * `synthetics.on_demand` return parallelization levels for [Continuous Testing](#continuous-testing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `synthetics.on_demand` return relevant usage data for [Continuous Testing](#continuous-testing)
```
Just incase we add more metrics in the future

{{< get-metrics-from-git "synthetics" "synthetics.pl.worker" >}}

> ### Continuous testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Continuous Testing
```
